Don't let him know you're telling me the truth.
Do you hear me?
Okay, okay, don't say, don't say, don't say
Ah!
I have to fuck anything
I'll kick your ass
Ouch, yo.
Gu
Don't you always dislike things that have been touched by others?
Something like me that has been touched by all men
I should always dislike it
It turned out to be so heavy
Linlin, let me tell you
You can't hide those little tricks you play
I advise you to be obedient
No matter how you escape
Can't escape my palm
Let go of me!
This dizziness is caused by low blood sugar
But usually pay attention
Otherwise, the nutrition of the fetus will not be able to keep up
fetus
What fetus?
You are pregnant yourself, don't you know? Pregnant
Is it a girl
No, this child must not be born
Otherwise, how can I marry Yin Ming?
Yoon Ming, right?
Why can't I use this child?
kill two birds with one stone